hello there on Barbara Sara these are
the headlines on al Jazeera protests
against the Greek government's austerity
measures have turned violent in the
capital Athens the country's parliament
has now approved the cuts and the Prime
Minister has visited Germany to drum up
support for his troubled economy al
Jazeera's naveen barber in berlin says
the Prime Minister Papandreou doesn't
want financial aid just yet there are a
lot of questions being asked as to what
kind of support he really does want if
it's not financial people are looking to
to the next few weeks and perhaps there
will be some kind of bilateral deals
between Berlin and Athens nobody's quite
sure at the moment but of course it's
crucial that Greece does secure the
final reassure the financial markets
that it is getting its own house in
order Britain's Prime Minister Gordon
Brown has told the UK's iraq war inquiry
that the 2003 invasion was justified
Gordon Brown's appearance takes place
just weeks before of the UK general
election which is widely expected to be
in May and the British prime minister
who at the time of the Iraq invasion was
finance minister hit back at critics
suggesting he didn't free up enough cash
to give troops the right equipment there
should be no sense that there was a
financial restraint that prevented us
doing what was best for the military I
always said that resources would be
available two billion was spent in rock
alone on urgent operational requirements
every request was met the controversial
Dutch politician gas builders is in the
UK to show his anti-islam film called
fitna which likens Islam to Nazism he
was previously refused entry to Britain
when he first tried to show the film
last februari and after winning support
in local elections in the Netherlands
builders could become a serious force in
Dutch politics dozens have been injured
in violent clashes between Palestinians
and Israeli police at the al-aksa mosque
compound in Jerusalem witnesses say it
began after Friday prayers when Muslim
worshippers threw stones at
and Jewish worshippers but Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas accused the
Israeli forces of provoking them to
derail peace efforts well don't forget
that you can watch al-jazeera online do
go to our website al-jazeera net forward
slash English and click on the watch now
icon these are the headlines on
al-jazeera and that's all from me barbra
Sarah bye-bye